Update TTD Docs (#5417)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-the-trade-desk-crm/index.md

   - If you see a field labeled "Segment Name," please input the same name as the audience you have connected the destination to. Ensure that there is no existing segment in TTD with the identical name.  Additionally, fill out the "Region" field with the geographical region of the CRM data segment, based on the origin of the PII.
   - _**Create only one mapping for every instance.**_
9. Return to **Engage > Audiences** and select the Audience from Step 1.
10. Click **Add Destinations** and choose The Trade Desk CRM destination you just created. In the settings that appear in the side panel, enable the **Send Track** option and **do not** alter the Audience Entered/Audience Exited event names. If you missed providing the Segment Name and Region in step 8, please complete the Audience Settings, specifically the region field, with the geographical region of the CRM data segment based on the origin of the PII. Please note that the Public Beta only supports `US`. Click **Save Settings**.

Setup is now complete, and the audience starts syncing to The Trade Desk.

> For syncing additional Audiences from your Engage space, create a separate instance of The Trade Desk CRM Destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sync additional Audiences from your Engage space, create a separate instance of The Trade Desk CRM Destination.
```
